* Advanced Concepts for Functions and Objects

* Primitive Data Types
-> Strings
-> Numbers
-> Booleans
-> undefiend
-> null
-> Symbols(ES6)

* Object : A collection of values 
-> You are not limited on the type of values that attach to the object
-> When a function is attached to object, it is called 'method'
-> In order to access the values that are associated with an obect we use the dot operator(.) which means dot syntax becomes integral when we are working with objects. 
-> If we want to retrieve a method in the object, we include parenthesis at the end in order to tell JS engine to execute that quote.

* Functions are Objects
-> We can attach properties to a function because it is an object.
-> In order to access the value that are associated with the function we use the dot operator(.) exact same way. Name of a function dot the name of the property and we can access that value. 
-> The thing that makes functions different in JS are some internal properties that are assigned to a function : [[Code]] and [[Call]]
-> [[Code]] and [[Call]] are the properties I can access that is why they are called internal properties but these properties are what gives the function its unique characteristics that allow it to work as a function. 
-> In other words, an object with some unique internal properties that allow it to work as a function. 
-> [[Code]] : It is where the code of the function is located. When you put parentheses at the end of that function name, it tells the JS engine to execute that code.
-> [[Call]] : It is what indicates that you are allowed to execute this object that it can work as a function. 

  * Defining Functions
    
    * Function Declaration
      
      function functionName() {
        //Code block to execute
      }

      * Function Expression

        var x = function functionName() {
          // Code block to execute 
        }
    
    -> Main difference between two is function declaration will be hoisted which means you can call the function before you actually define.
    On the other hand function expression will no be hoisted.

* First Class Functions
-> It means a language treats functions as values that you can assign a function into a variable like we did and that you can pass that around.

* Invoking Functions
-> It means to call or execute functions

  * Four ways to invoke a function
  -> as a function
  -> as a method
  -> as a constructor (new)
  -> indirectly using call() and apply()
