* First Class Functions</br>
-> It means a language treats functions as values that you can assign a function into a variable like we did and that you can pass that around.</br>

* Invoking Functions</br>
-> It means to call or execute functions</br>

  * Four ways to invoke a function</br>
  1. as a function</br>
  2. as a method</br>
  3. as a constructor (new)</br>
  4. indirectly using call() and apply()</br>

  -> *Every function, two additional parameters always passed in. 'this' and 'arguments'*</br>
  -> *It is important because depending upon which of these format do you use that will determine what 'this' is equal to.*</br>
  -> Argument is an array 'like' value which means all of the methods available for arrays are not available for the arguments parameter</br>

* Creating JavaScript Objects</br>

  * Defining Functions</br>
  -> Object Literal</br>
  ex.</br>
  var obj = {</br>
    firstName: "Steven",</br>
    lastName: "Hancock"</br>
  }</br>

  -> Object Constructor</br>
  ex.</br>
  var obj = new Object();</br>
  obj.firstName = "Steven";</br>
  obj.lastName = "Hancock";</br>

* Understanding this (this binding)</br>
->'this' is determined at runtime and depending upon what happens within the code, it can be something different.</br>
-> *The binding of a value to this (this binding) can be implicit (set by the JavaScript engine) or explicit (set by you.)*</br>

 * this is...</br>
 -> Established at runtime, when a function is invoked.</br>
 -> Determined by *how a function is invoked* not where the function is defined.</br>
 -> A reference to the object.</br>
 -> always an object. </br>

 * this is not...</br>
 -> The funciton. Though it is established when the function is invoked, it is not the function.</br>

 => When you invoke a normal function, the value of 'this' is the global object.</br>


* Normal Function Invocation Using Strict Mode </br>
ex.</br>
var name = "gloabl";</br>

var fun = function() {</br>
  var name = "fun";</br>
  console.log(this);   // window</br>
  console.log(this.name);   // global</br>
};</br>

============================================</br>
"use strict";</br>

var name = "gloabl";</br>

var fun = function() {</br>
  var name = "fun";</br>
  console.log(this);   // undefined</br>
  console.log(this.name);   // Uncaught TypeError </br>
};</br>

-> this because in 'strict mode', the global object is not available for binding.</br>

* Understanding Prototypes</br>
-> Every objects in JS has a set of its own properties that that the objects can access. </br>
-> Almost every object is linked to another object. That linked object is called the prototype.</br>
-> Objects inherit properties and methods from it's prototype ancestry via prototype chain</br>
-> A prototype is automaticall assigned to any obejct including primitives.</br>
-> You can define an objects prototype.</br>
-> You can change properties and methods of a prototype.</br>

* Using call() and apply() function methods</br>
-> Using call() and apply() techniques we can determine the value of 'this'.</br>
-> call() and apply() allow you to invoke a function as if it were a method of some other objects.</br>
-> ex.</br>
var greeting = function() {</br>
  console.log("Good Morning");</br>
}</br>

=> using greeting.call() and greeting.apply(), it executes "Good Morning"</br>

-> If a function is invoked outside of strict mode, the value of 'this' becomes a global object. But when I use call or apply I can override that. I can choose.</br>

  * Using call...</br>
  -> function.call(this,arg1,arg2);</br>
  -> The first argument is an object that will become of the value of this.</br>
  -> One or more arguments to be sent to the function may follow.</br>

  * Using apply...</br>
  -> function.apply(this,[arg1,arg2]);</br>
  -> The first argument is an object that will become of the value of this.</br>
  -> One or more arguments to be sent to the function may follow in a single array. </br>

ex.</br>
var user1 = {</br>
  firstName: "John",</br>
  lastName: "Anderson",</br>
  fullName: function(){</br>
    return this.firstName + " " + this.lastName</br>
  }</br>
};</br>

var user2 = {</br>
  firstName: "Sarah",</br>
  lastName: "West",</br>
  fullName: function(){</br>
    return this.firstName + " " + this.lastName</br>
  }</br>
};</br>

var greeting = function(term, punct) {</br>
  console.log(term + " " + this.firstName + punct); </br>
}; </br>

greeting.call(user1, "Good Morning", "!"); // Good Morning John!</br>

greeting.call(user2, "Good Afternoon", "!"); // Good Afternoon Sarah!</br>

greeting.apply(user1, ["Good Morning", "!"]); // Good Morning John  // Good Morning John!</br>

greeting.apply(user2, ["Good Afternoon", "!"]); // Good Afternoon Sarah  // Good Afternoon Sarah!</br>

console.log(user1.fullName.call(user2)); // Sarah West</br>


* Using the bind() function method</br>
-> bind method like call and apply are used to determine the value of this when a function is invoked.</br>
-> But bind method creates a new function and that new function that is created already has this bound to a specific obejct and it is the object that you pass in when you use bind.</br>
-> *When you are using bind you can attach other arguments to that function.* The way when we use the function you don't need to pass those arguments in.</br>

  * Using bind...</br>
  -> var func = function.bind(this,arg1,arg2);</br>
  -> bind returns a new function.</br>
  -> The first argument is an object that will become of the value of this for that new function.</br>
  -> *One or more arguments can be included will be bound to the new function, meaning you will not need to pass in those arguments.*</br>
  
ex.</br>
var user1 = {</br>
  firstName: "John",</br>
  lastName: "Anderson",</br>
  fullName: function(){</br>
    return this.firstName + " " + this.lastName</br>
  }</br>
};</br>

var user2 = {</br>
  firstName: "Sarah",</br>
  lastName: "West",</br>
  fullName: function(){</br>
    return this.firstName + " " + this.lastName</br>
  }</br>
};</br>

var gretting = function(term, punct) {</br>
  console.log(term + " " + this.firstName + punct); </br>
}; </br>

var morningGreet = greeting.bind(user1, "Good Morning"); // Good Morning John!</br>

var afternoonGreet = greeting.bind(user1, "Good Afternoon");</br>
// Good Afternoon John.</br>

morningGreet("!");  //morningGreet method is a method of user1</br>
afternoonGreet(".");</br>

=> bind method creates a new function and when that a function is invoked the this binding that occurs is with the object that was specified when the function was created. and *that function is not the global object because this function was created using the bind method.*</br>

=> The object that was bound to that function using bind takes precedence. We are not able to override that with Call method. </br>










