* Invoking Functions as Constructors : The Magic of new </br>
  
  * What about constructors?</br>
  -> A constructor is just a function that is invoked using new.</br>
  -> A constructor returns an object.</br>
  -> Constructors are used to create multiple similar objects.</br>
  -> *The returned objects share the same prototype which comes from the constructor.*</br>

  ex.</br>
  var Greeting = function() {</br>

  };</br>

  var greet 1 = new Greeting();</br>
  
  var greet 2 = new Greeting();</br>

  => greet1 === greet2 (false)</br>
  => greet1 instanceof Greeting (true)</br>
  => greet2 instanceof Greeting (true)</br>
  => Both of these objects have same __proto__ </br>


* Constructor Invocation and Value of this</br>

  ex1.</br>
  function Greeting() {</br>
    console.log(this);</br>
  }</br>

  Greeting()  // window</br>

  new Greeting();  // Greeting => 'this' is bound to new empty object that created by new Greeting </br>

  ex2.</br>
  function Users(fName, lName) {</br>
    this.firstName = fName;</br>
    this.lastName = lName;</br>
    this.fullName = function() {</br>
      return (this.firstName + " " + this.lastName);</br>
    };</br>
  }</br>

  var user1 = new Users("James", "Johnson");</br>
  var user2 = new Users("Mary", "Smith");</br>

  *Caution : If you don't use 'new' keyword, the value of 'this' will be the global object. which means it is going to define variables in the global space.*</br>


* Higher Order Functions, Callbacks and Problem with this </br>

  * Higher Order functions are functions that operate on other functions by either taking them as arguments or returning them.</br>
    The fact that JS supports first-class functions, makes it possible to create Higher Order funcions.</br>

  * *In JS, functions can be treated as a value*</br>

  ex.</br>
   var firstName = "James",</br>
       lastName = "West";</br>
  
   var user1 = {</br>
     firstName : "Cory",</br>
     lastName : "Sikahema",</br>
   };</br>

   var users2 = {</br>
     firstName : "Hailey",</br>
     lastName : "Smith"</br>
   };</br>

   var fullName = function() {</br>
    // var that = this;</br>
     setTimeout(function() {</br>
       console.log(this.firstName  //that.firstName+ " " + this.lastName //that.lastName);</br>
     } //or use .bind(this), 2000);</br>
   };</br>

  fullName.call(user1); // without setting 'this' as 'var that', the result will be "James West"</br>
  fullName.call(user2); // without setting 'this' as 'var that', the result will be "James West"</br>


* Arrow Functions (ES6) </br>
-> The reasons of using arrow functions : minimum syntax and lexical 'this'.</br>

ex.</br>
var sum = function(num1,num2) {</br>
  return num1 + num2;</br>
};</br>

var sum = (num1,num2) => num1 + num2;</br>
var funct1 = num => num * num;</br>
var funct2 = () => 100;</br>


* Review</br>

  * Invoking functions and this</br>
  -> Regular function </br>
      : After a function is defined, simply call the name and parenthesis and this sets value of 'this' as global object, It is about how the function is invoked not how it is defined.</br>
  -> Method </br>
      : When a function in the object which is also called method, then the value of 'this' becomes the object. But remember that method in an object also can be invoked by other objects.</br>
  -> Constructor (new)</br>
      : the value of 'this' is bound to the empty object that created by new contructor.</br>
  -> Indirectly using call() and apply()</br>
      : call() and apply() do the exact same thing. The only difference is how the arguments how passed in to the funciton</br>
        call() -> arguments are passed in by seperating them as comma</br>
        apply() -> arguments are passed in by array</br>
  -> Creating a new function using bind()</br>
      : bind() creates new function and then you can invoke it. During the process of creating a new function, you can specify the value of 'this' as a first parameter. And you bind that to the new function. You also can bind or attache the arguments that are generally passed into a funciton to that new funciton.</br>
  -> Arrow function</br>
      : Minimal syntax. It determines the function lexically. It is about lexically where the 'this' is placed.</br>
  







