* Abstraction and DRY coding</br>

  * DRY coding</br>
  -> Don't Repeat Yourself</br>
  -> If you find you are repeating yourself that is a signal to go in and do some refactoring</br>

  * Abstraction</br>
  -> Each significant piece of functionality should be implemented in just one place. </br>

* Working with objects</br>
-> Detecting Object Properties</br>
-> Working with Property Attributes</br>
-> ES6 Additions</br>

  * Detecting Properties on Objects</br>
  -> Object.keys</br>
  -> in </br>
  ex. if("name" in person1) {} </br>
      : If the property name exists in the object or in the prototype chain of the object, this results in true. In other words 'in' checks the prototype. </br>
 
  -> hasOwnProperty() </br>
      : It simply checks to see if the property exists on that object </br>
  ex. if(person1.hasOwnProperty("name")){}</br>
      : If person1 has on property and then inside the parenthesis and inside of quotes the name of the property</br>

  -> *for in loop*</br>
     : It allows us to iterate through all the properties of an object.</br>
   ex.</br>
    var person1 = {</br>
      firstName: "Steven",</br>
      lastName: "Hancock",</br>
      email: "shancock@allthingsjavascript.com",</br>
      type: " admin",</br>
      active: true,</br>
      address: {</br>
        street: "100 N. Main",</br>
        zip: "10001"</br>
      }</br>
    }; </br>

    for(var prop in person1) { </br>
      console.log("Name: " + prop); // property names in person1</br>
      console.log("Value: " + person1[prop]); // bracket notation is another way to access properties of an object. It can be used in object as well
    } </br>

* Changing Property Attributes</br>
-> var obj = {</br>
  type: "rectangle",</br>
  width: 10,</br>
  height: 5</br>
};

-> obj.propertyIsEnumerable("type"); -> true : check the property is whether numerable  : keep a property from being discovered using loop</br>

-> Object.defineproperty(obj, "type", {enumerable: false}); -> false : changing attribute of property in the object(Object because we are using default object of JS  ), it cannot be discovered in for in loop or keys method.</br>

-> Object.defineproperty(obj, "type", {configurable: false}); : set the true, changes attribute of property to true, also allow you delete the property of an object but when the configurable is set to false, you won't be able to change the attribute of property.</br>

* Making Objects Immutable</br>

  * Accomplishing Immutablility with Objects (make properties unchangable)</br>
  -> writable attribute of properties. -> affect individual properties </br>
  -> Sealing an object (cannot add properties, deleting as well)  -> affect whole properties </br>
  -> Freezing an object (cannot add properties, deleting and changing as well)  -> affect whole properties (writable + sealing)</br>
  
  ex.</br>
  var obj = {</br>
    firstName: "Steven",</br>
    lastName: "Smith",</br>
    startDate: "January 10, 2015",</br>
    type: "admin"</br>
  };</br>

  * writable attribute of properties.</br>
  Object.defineProperty(obj, "startDate",{</br>
    writable: false </br>
  });</br>

  obj.firstName = "Steve"; // firstName: "Steve"</br>

  obj.startDate = "January 5, 2016";    //error</br>

  * Sealing an object</br>
  Object.seal(obj);</br>

  obj.newProp = true;   //error</br>

  delete obj.type;    //error</br>

  obj.firstName = "Steve";    //error</br>

  * Freezing an object</br>
  Object.freeze(obj);</br>

  obj.newProp = true;   //error</br>
  
  delete obj.type;    //error</br>

  obj.firstName = "Steve";    //error</br>

  => in strict mode, you will get error messages</br>


* ES6 Object Features</br>
  * Object Literal Extensions</br>
  * Object Static Functions</br>
    * Object.setPrototypeOf()</br>
    * Object.assign()</br>


  * Concise Properties </br>
  var multiple = 5;</br>

  var obj1 = { (ES5)</br>
    start: 1,</br>
    end: 100,</br>
    multiple: multiple</br>
  };

  var obj2 = { (ES6 concise)</br>
    start: 1,</br>
    end: 1000,</br>
    multiple </br>
  };

  * Concise Method</br>
  var obj1 = { (ES5)</br>
    firstName: "Steven",</br>
    lastName: "Smith",</br>
    fullName: function() {</br>
      console.log(this.firstName + " " + this.lastName);</br>
    }</br>
  }</br>

  var obj2 = { (ES6 concise)</br>
    firstName: "Steven",</br>
    lastName: "Smith",</br>
    fullName() {</br>
      console.log(this.firstName + " " + this.lastName);</br>
    }</br>
  };</br>

  * *Object.setPrototypeOf()*</br>
  -> It is used to establish the prototype of an object. Quick way to establish the prototype</br>
  ex.</br>
  var objProto = {</br>
    fullName() {</br>
      console.log(this.fitstName + " " + this.lastName);</br>
    }</br>
  };</br>

  var obj = {</br>
    firstName: "Steven",</br>
    lastName: "Smith"</br>
  };</br>

  Object.setPrototypeOf(obj, objProto);  // objProto becomes a prototype of obj</br>

  * Object.assign() </br>
  -> It makes mulitple different properties into a single object</br>
  ex.</br>
  var obj = {</br>
    start: 0</br>
  };</br>

  var obj1 = {</br>
    a:5</br>
  };</br>

  var obj2 = {</br>
    b: 10</br>
  };</br>

  var obj3 = {</br>
    c: 15</br>
  };</br>

  Object.assign(obj, obj1, obj2, obj3);  //properties of other objects will be added in the first parameter(obj)</br>
  -> Object.assign will not copy that immutable and properties that not owned by the object (such as properties that owned by prototype)</br>

* The Power of Funcitons</br>
  * Immediately Invoked Function Expressions(IIFEs)</br>
  * Clouser</br>

  * Immediately Invoked Function Expressions(IIFEs)</br>

    //Function Expression</br>
  var powerExp = function(num) {</br>
    console.log(num * num);</br>
  }(2);</br>
  => If we want to return the result of the variable, then we need var powerExp but as long as the function is invoked immediately, we don't need to call var powerExp. If powerExp is removed, it will give syntaxError</br>

  HOWEVER</br>

  (function(num) {</br>
    console.log(num * num);</br>
  })(2);</br>
  => Because there are parenthesis, and 'function' is not the first keyword, it is not going to give us an error.
  It invokes immediately.</br>


* Closure</br>

  * Definitions of Closure</br>
  -> A closure is the local variables for a function - kept alive after the function has returned. - javascriptkit.com</br>
  -> Closure is when a function is able to remember and access its lexcical scope even when that function is executing outside its lexical scope. - kylie simpson, scope and closure</br>
  -> A closure is a function having access to the parent scope, even after the parent function has closed - W3C Schools</br>
  ex.</br>

  var funct1 = function() {</br>
    var a = 2,</br>
        b = 3;</br>

        var funct2 = function() {</br>
          console.log(a+b);</br>
        };</br>
        funct2();</br>
  };</br>

  funct1();</br>


* The Problem with Global Variables</br>
-> Global variables can be changed anywhere.</br>
-> Global variables pollute the global namespace shared by everyone. This can cause collisions.</br>
-> Reliance on global variables avoids better programming patterns.</br>


* OOP</br>
  * Inheritance</br>
  * Encapsulation</br>

  * Inheritance</br>
  -> An object being able to inherit methods and properties from another object.</br>
  -> Giving one object access to another objects' methods and properties</br>
  -> *Enables Code Reuse!*</br>

  * Encapsulation</br>
  -> Enclosing all functionalities of an object (data and methods) within that object, so the objects internal workings are hidden from the rest of the applicaiton </br>
  -> *It governs the creation of our objects!*</br>
  


  
  





