* FUNDAMENTAL CONCEPTUAL ASIDE OF JAVASCRIPT </br>
-> Syntax Parsers</br>
-> Lexical Environment</br>
-> Execution Contexts</br>

  * Syntax Parsers</br>
  -> A program that reads your code and determines what it does and if its grammar is valid via compiler(interpreter).</br>

  * Lexical Environment</br>
  -> Where something sits physically in the code you write</br>
  -> 'Lexical' means 'having to do with words or grammar'. A lexical environment exists in programming languages in which where you write something is important. </br>
  -> *Where you see things and written gives you an idea of where it will actually sit in the computer's memory and how it will interact with other variables and functions and elements of the program.*</br>
  -> *It means where it is written and what surrounds it.*</br>
  -> ex. variable a (var a = 'hello world';) lexically inside of function (function hello(){})</br>

  * Execution Contexts</br>
  -> A wrapper to help manage the code that is running</br>
  -> There are lots of lexical environments.*Which one is currently running is managed via execution contexts.* It can contain things beyond what you have written in you code.</br>

* FUNDAMENTAL CONCEPTUAL ASIDE OF JAVASCRIPT</br>
-> Name / Value Pairs</br>
-> Objects</br>

  * Name / Value Pairs</br>
  -> A name *which maps to a unique value.*</br>
  -> The name may be defined more than once, but only can have one value in any given context.</br>
  -> That value may be more name / value pairs</br>

  * Object</br>
  -> A collection of name / value pairs</br>
  -> The simplest definition when talking about Javascript.</br>
  -> ex. Address : {</br>
    Street: 'Main',</br>
    Number: 100,</br>
    Apartment: {</br>
      Floor: 3,</br>
      Number: 301</br>
    }</br>
  }</br>

* The Global Environment and The Global Object</br>
-> Global execution context creates two things for you. Which are 'Global Object' and special variable 'this'.</br>
-> An execution context is created at the global level.</br>
-> There's a global object, meaning that object is available to all the code running inside that window,
inside that elements and JS file, lexical environment.</br>
-> There is a special variable that the JS engine created that sits inside the execution context called 'this'.</br>

  * Global</br>
  -> "Not inside a function"</br>


* Hoisting</br>
-> Before your code begins to be executed line by line, the JS engine has already set aside memory space for the variables that you have created in that entire code that you built and all of the functions that you created as well. So those functions and variables exist in memory. So when the code is executed line-by-line, it can access them. </br>
-> *All variable in JS, initially set to 'undefined'* but functions sitting in memory entirely.</br>
-> *It is bad idea to rely on hoisting*</br>


* FUNDAMENTAL CONCEPTUAL ASIDE OF JAVASCRIPT</br>
-> Single Threaded</br>
-> Synchronous Execution</br>

  * Single Threaded</br>
  -> One command executed at a time</br>
  -> Under the hood of the browser, maybe not</br>

  * Synchronous</br>
  -> One at a time in order.</br>
  -> code is executed one line at a time in order that it appears.</br>


* FUNDAMENTAL CONCEPTUAL ASIDE OF JAVASCRIPT</br>
-> Function Invocation</br>
-> The execution stack</br>
  
  * Invocation</br>
  -> Running a function</br>
  -> In JavaScript, by using parenthesis()</br>
  -> Every functions that invoked create execution context.</br>
  -> Lexical order and rest of codes happen to be surrounding do not matter</br>
  -> *Line-by-line synchronously*</br>