* Variable Environment</br>
-> Where the variables live you created</br>
-> How they related to each other in memory </br>
ex. function b() {</br>
  var myVar;</br>
}</br>
function a() {</br>
  var myVar = 2;</br>
  b();</br>
}</br>
var myVar = 1;</br>
a();</br>
=> eventaully the value of var myVar becomes 'undefined'</br>
-> Even thou var myVar is declared three times, they are unique and don't touch each other.</br>
-> Each of these myVars sitting in it's own execution context</br>
-> 'var myVar=1' is running inside of global execution context the variable is attached to the variable environment of global execution context.</br>

* Scope Chain</br>
ex. function b() {</br>
  console.log(myVar);</br>
}</br>

function a() {</br>
  var myVar = 2;</br>
  b();</br>
}</br>

myVar = 1;</br>
a();</br>

=> the value of 'console.log(myVar) inside of function b is 1</br>
-> Every execution context has a reference to its outer environment</br>
-> Outer environments of function a and b's execution contexts is global execution context. because they are lexically sit on top of global environment.</br>
-> In JavaScript, when it comes to the outer reference that every execution context gets and you ask for a variable while running a line of code inside any particular execution context, if it can't find that variable it will look at the outer reference and go look for variables somewhere down below it in the execution stack. And that outer reference where that points is going to depend on where the function sits lexically.</br>
-> When you invoke function, the JS engine creates outer reference for the execution context and looks where the code is physically sitting. The syntax parser already knows because it went through line by line your code, and it knows where that functions was written and it creates the appropriate outer reference based on where your function was physically written in the JS file.</br>
-> if function b was inside of function a then function b physically sitting inside of function a therefore the value of variable myVar is going to be 2</br>

* Scope</br>
-> Where a variable is available in your code</br>

* Asychronous Callbacks?</br>
-> More than one at a time</br>
-> Other parts of the browser are running and looking at that code while the JavaScript code is still running</br>
-> What is happening is the browser asynchronously is putting things into the event queue but the code that is running is still running line-by-line. And then when the execution contexts are all gone then it processes the events. It waits for them and sees an event. And if an event causes a function to be created and executed then there it is. It will appear on the execution stack and run like normal.</br>
-> There is another list (besided execution context stack) that sits inside othe JS engine called the 'event queue'</br>
-> When the browser somewhere outside the JS engine, has an event that inside the JS engine we want to be notified of, it gets placed on the queue.</br>
-> Whether or not we actually have a function that needs to respond to it, the event gets placed on the queue. </br>
-> ex. if someone clicks on the screen. What happens if I have a function that's supposed to respond to that click event or maybe another event happens while code is running is that event queue gets looked at by JS when the execution stack is empty.
When the stack is empty then JS looks at the event queue it waits for something to be there. And if something is there, it looks to see if a particular function should be run when that event was triggered.
Therefore it creates the execution context for click event such as clickHandler(). So that event is procesed and the next item in the queue moves up and so on and so forth.</br>
-> *The event queue will not be processed until the execution stack is empty until JS is finished running all of that other code line-by-line.*</br>
-> *It is not actually asynchronous. What is really happening is the browswer asynchronously is putting things into the event queue but the code that is running is still running line-by-line. And then when the execution contexts are all gone, then it processes the events.*</br>


* Dynamic Typing</br>
-> You don't tell the engine what type of data a variable holds, it figures it out while your code is running.</br>
-> Variables can hold different types of values because it's all figured out during execution.</br>

* Coercion</br>
-> Converting a value from one type to another</br>
-> This happens quite often in JS because it's dynamically typed</br>


