* WHAT IS JAVASCRIPT? </br>
-> JavaScript is a lightweight, cross-platform, object-oriented computer programming language.</br>
-> JavaScript is one of the three core technologies of web development.</br>

-> Today, JavaScript can be used in different places</br>

1) Client-side : JavaScript was traditionally only used in the browser.</br>
2) Server-side : Thanks to node.js, we can use JavaScript on the server as well.</br>

-> JavaScript is what made modern web development possible.</br>

1) Dynamic effects and interctivity.</br>
2) Modern web applications that we can interact with.</br>

-> *Frameworks/libraries like React and Angular are 100% based on JavaScript : you need to master JavaScript in order to use them.*</br>

-> HTML : CONTENT(NOUNS) / CSS : PRESENTAION(ADJECTIVES) / JS : DYNAMIC EFFECTS AND PROGRAMMING(VERBS)</br>

* Variables and Data Types</br>

  * Variable </br>
  -> Variable is a container which we can store a value in order to use it over and over again instead of having the value each time we want to use it.</br>
  -> Use variable name that indicates what this variable means. Please do not assign random name to the variable!(and better to use camelCase)</br>
  -> Variables cannot start with numbers or symbols except for the dollar sign or under score.</br>
  -> Cannot use reserved JavaScript keywords as variable names.</br>

  * Data Types</br>
  1) Number : Floating point numbers, for decimals and integers.</br>

  2) String : Sequence of characters, used for text.</br>

  3) Boolean : Logical data type that can only be *true* or *false*.</br>

  4) Undefiend : Data type of a variable that does not have a value yet.</br>

  5) Null : Also means 'non-existent'.</br>

  *JavaScript has dynamic typing : data types are automatically assigned to variables*.</br>

  
