* A SHORT HISTORY OF JAVASCRIPT</br>
-> 1996 : Changed from LiveScript to JavaScript to attract Java developers. JavaScript has almost nothing to do with Java.</br>
-> 1997 : ES1 (ECMAScript 1) became the first version of the JavaSciprt language standard:</br>
  * ECMAScript : The language standard;</br>
  * JavaScript : The language in practice.</br>
-> 2009 : ES5 (ECMAScript 5) was released with lots of new features.</br>
-> 2015 : ES6/ES2015 (ECMAScript 2015) was released : the biggest update to the language ever!</br>
-> 2015 : Changed to an annual release cycle</br>

*JASCRIPT TODAY : WHICH VERSION TO USE?</br>
  * ES5 -> Fully supported in all browsers, *Ready to be used today*</br>
  * ES6/ES2015, ES7/ES2016, ES8/2017 -> Well supported in all modern browsers, No support in older browsers, *Can use most features in production with transpiling and ployfilling(converting to SE5)*</br>
  * ES9/ES2018, ES10/ES2019 -> Future versions, together called ESNext, Some features supported in modern browsers, *Can already use some features in production with transpiling and polyfilling*</br>

* WHAT HAPPENS TO OUR CODE?</br>
OUR CODE -> JAVASCRIPT ENGINE(Parser ---> (Abstract Syntax Tree)Conversion to Machine Code -----> (Machine Code)Code Runs)</br>

* Execution Contexts and the Execution Stack</br>
-> Execution Context : A box, a container or a wrapper which stores variable and in which a piece of our code is evaluate and executed.</br>
-> Global Execution Context(The default) : Code that is *not inside any function*/ Associated with the *global object*/ In the browser, that is the window object</br>
-> Global execution context associates with a global object so everything we declare in the global context
automatically get attached to the window object in the browser. (ex. lastName === window.lastName //true)</br>
-> Global execution context is a code that is not inside of any function. </br>
-> Whenever we call the code that inside of function, it gets its own brand new execution context.</br>

* Execution Contexts in Detail: Creation and Execution Phase and Hoisting</br>
  * Execution Context Object has three properties </br>
  -> Variable Object (VO) : It contains function arguments, inner variable declarations as well as function declarations</br>
  -> Scope Chain : It contains current variable objects as well as variable objects of all its parents</br>
  -> "This" variable </br>
  * How is execution context created</br>
  -> When a function is called and new execution context is put on top of the execution stack and this happens in two phases</br>
  1) Creation phase</br>
    A. Creation of the Variable Object (VO)</br>
    B. Creation of the scope chain</br>
    c. Determine value of the 'this' variable</br>
  
  2) Execution phase</br>
  -> The code of the function that generated the current execution context is ran line by line and all the variables defined. if it is a global context then it is a global code that executed.</br>

  * THE VARIABLE OBJECT(VO)</br>
  1) The argument object is created, containing all the arguments that were passed into the function.</br>
  2) The code is scanned for function declarations : for each function, a property is created in the Variable Object, pointing to the function.</br>(*All the funcitons will be stored inside of Variable Object even before the code start to be executed.* )</br>
  3) Code is scanned for variable declarations : for each variable, a property is created in the Variable Object and set to undefiend. </br>

  -> *Number 2) and 3) are called HOISTING* which means they are available before the execution phase actually starts but functions are already defined before the execution phase starts while variable sets up to 'undefined' and it will be defined in execution phase.</br>

  -> Each execution contexts has objects which store a lot of important data that the function will use while it is running and this happens even before the code is executed.</br>

-> Function hoisting only works for function declaraionts</br>
(therefore recommend to use function expression)</br>

* SCOPING IN JAVASCRIPT</br>
-> Scoping answers the question "where can we access a certain variable?"</br>
-> Each new function creates a scope : the space/environment, in wich the variables it defines are accessible.</br>
-> Lexical(it is about position something in our code) scoping : a function that is lexically within another function gets access to the scope of the outer function also called parent function and with that it is also able to access variable in the parent function defines.</br>

* EXECUTION STACK VS SCOPE CHAIN</br>
  * Execution Stack</br>
  -> Order in which functions are called</br>
  * Scope Chain</br>
  -> Order in which functions are wirtten lexically</br>

=> *Execution Contexts that stored scope chain of each function and variable object, but they do not have Scope in fact chain itself.*</br>

* THE 'THIS' VARIABLE</br>
-> 'this' is a variable each and every execution context gets and it is stored execution context object</br>
  * Regular function call </br>
  -> the 'this' keyword points at the global object(the window object, in the browser).</br>
  * Method call</br>
  -> the 'this' variable points to the object that is calling the method.</br>
 
*The 'this' keyword is not assigned a value until a function where it is defined is actually called.*</br>

*The 'this' keyword inside of method indicates global object*</br>

*The 'this' keyword only becomes something, as soon as method is called*</br>