* OBJECTS IN JAVASCRIPT </br>
  * PRIMITIVES</br>
  -> Numbers</br>
  -> Strings</br>
  -> Booleans</br>
  -> Undefined</br>
  -> Null</br>
  * EVERYTHING ELSE</br>
  -> Arrays</br>
  -> Functions</br>
  -> Objects</br>
  -> Dates</br>
  -> Wrappers for Numbers, Strings, Booleans</br>

* OBJECT-ORIENTED PROGRAMMING</br>
-> Objects interacting with one another through methods and properties.</br>
-> Used to store data, structure applications into modules and keeping code clean.</br>
  
  * CONSTRUCTORS AND INSTANCES IN JAVASCRIPT</br>
  -> The obeject that we can use as a blueprint(ex. Person.name, Person.yearOfBirth, Person.job, Person.calculateAge()) we call it constructor or prototype. Therefore based on the constructor, we can create many instances as we want</br>
  (ex. var jane has properties of her name, yearOfBirth, job, calculateAge(), same as var mark and var john -> they are affected by 'Person' instances.)</br>
  -> Constructor acts like a blueprint and it is used to created instances and objects.</br>
  * INHERITANCE IN GENERAL</br>
  -> Inheritance is when an object is based on another object which means an object gets access to another properties and methods.</br>
  * PROTOTYPES AND PROTOTYPE CHAIN</br>
  -> Each and every JavaScript object has prototype properties which makes inheritance possible in JavaScript.</br>
  -> Inheritance is made possible throught prototype property that every object has.</br>
  -> The prototype property of an object is where you put method and properties that we want other objects inherit.</br>
  -> Each and every object that we created is an instance of the object constructor.</br>
  -> *PROTOTYPE CHAIN* is what all these inheritance possible : when we try to access certain method or property of an object, JavaScript will first try to find that method on that exact object. but it cannot find it then it will look in object's prototype which is the property of its parent so it moves up the prototype chain.
  If the method is still not there, this continues until there is no more prototype to look at. If there is no what looks for then return 'undefined'.</br>

* SUMMARY</br>
-> Every JavaScript object has a *prototype property* which makes inheritance possible in JavaScript</br>
-> The prototype property of an object is where we put methods and properties that we want other objects to inherit</br>
-> The Constructor's prototype property is NOT the prototype of the Constructor itself, it is the prototype of ALL instances that are created through it.</br>
-> When a certain method (or property) is called, the search starts in the object itself and if it cannot be found, the search moves on to the object's prototype. This continues until the method is found : prototype chain.</br>



