* Network Protocols </br>
-> Computers communicate with each other with network protocols.</br>
-> Protocols are rules governing how machines exchange data and enable effective communication.</br>
-> Physical Protocols : describes the medium(wiring), the connections(RJ-45 port), and the signal(voltage level on a wire).</br>
-> Logical Protocols : software controlling how and when data is sent and received to computers, supporting physical         protocols.</br>
-> Computer networks depend on many different types of protocols in order to work properly.</br>
-> Example Common TCP/IP Suite of Protocols : </br>
    Web Communication : HTTP</br>
    E-mail : POP3,SMTP,IMAP</br>
    File Transfers : FTP </br>

* The OSI Model</br>
-> The Open Systems Interconnection(OSI) Reference Model.</br>
-> A conceptual framework showing us how data moves throughout a network.</br>
-> It was developed to give us a guide to under how networks operate.</br>
-> It is only a reference model</br>
-> It is not implemented in the real world, TCP/IP is.</br>
-> The OSI Model breaks down the complex task of computer-to-computer network communications into 7 layers.</br>
  1) Upper Layers (Host Layers)</br>
    -> Handled by the host computer and performs application-specific functions, such as data fomatting, encryption and connection management. (things go on in the computer itself )</br>
  2) Lower Layers (Media Layers)</br>
    -> Provide network-specific functions, such as routing, addressing and flow control(network centric function which means things work withing the network).</br>
-> In OSI Model, data(raw data) starts to go down from Application layer to Physical layer. while it goes down, the data gets all sorts of information (Application -> Presentation -> Session) and it becomes Segments in Transport layer, Packets in Network layer, Frames in Data Link and finally Bits in Physical layer. When computer receives data, it goes all the way up this time.(Please Do Not Throw Sausage Pizza Away)</br>

* OSI Model Benefits</br>
-> Reduces Complexity : It breaks network communication into smaller, simpler parts.</br>
-> Standardizes Interfaces : It standardizes network components to allow multiple vendor development and support.</br>
-> Facilitates Modular Engineering : It allows different types of network hardware and software to communicate with one another.</br>
-> Ensures Interopearble Technology : Prevents changes in one layer from affexting the other layers, allowing quicker development.</br>
-> Aceelerates Evolution : Provides for effextive updates and improvements to individual components without affecting other components or having to rewrite the entire protocol.</br>

* The TCP/IP Model</br>
-> The TCP/IP suite is the most common used protocol suite in the networking world.</br>
-> It is essentially the protocol suite in which the internet was built.</br>
-> It is the standard for computer networking.</br>
-> It is based on a 4-layer model that is similar to the OSI model (TCP/IP has Application Layer, Host-to Host transport layer, Internet layer and Network Interface layer).</br>
-> Application, Presentation, Session Layer = Application Layer. </br>
-> Transport Layer = Host-to-Host Transport Layer.</br>
-> Network Layer = Internet Layer.</br>
-> Data-Link, Physical Layer = Network Interface Layer.</br>