* Network Devices </br>
-> Router : *Connets LANs to other LANs*, routes traffic across the Internet(Internetwork or WAN).</br>
-> Firewall : Protects network from malicious packets of data, keeps the bad stuff out.</br>
-> Switch : Connets devices together within a LAN, switches traffic  within a LAN, it determines where traffic goes on the                                      network.</br>

* Common Servers</br>
-> Authentication Server : Manages access contorl on the network. Microsoft Active Directory</br>
-> File Server : Stores and dispenses files</br>
-> Mail Server : The networks' post office, which handles email functions. Microsoft Exchange</br>
-> Print Server : Manages all printers on the network.</br>
-> Web Server : Manages web-based activities on the network. Microsoft IIS and Apache</br>
-> Application Server : Manages network applications.</br>
-> Database Server : Stores data in a the form of a relational database. Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL (it typically                                               stores many applications come from application server)</br>

* Physical Network Topologies</br>
-> Physical Network Topologies are how the devices and internetwork physically conntected together.</br>
  
  * Their Importance</br>
  -> Useful in *planning a new network* </br>
      : Physical layout of a building, campus, or office </br>
  -> *Shows the network on a 'map'* </br>
      : Shows where devices are physically located</br>
      : Shows the precise arrangement of network cabling</br>
  -> Assists in understanding signal flow</br>
      : *Troubleshooting problems*</br>

* Common Physical Topologies</br>
    
    * Star Topology</br>
    -> All devices are connected to a central device (Usually a switch or a hub)</br>
    -> Popular topology in today's networks.</br>
    -> Used in most large and small networks</br>
    -> Built-in fault tolerance (if any of devices or network having issue, it does not affect rest of the network)</br>
    -> Central device is a single point of failure.</br>

    * Mesh Topology</br>
    -> When we need high level of redundancy in place where we need to make sure that data is safe, secure and highly available all the time then      people tend to implement Mesh Topology</br>
    -> It has two types : Full Mesh(every single devices has connection to all the other devices therefore if any one of them has a failure there      is always links to get to the other device) and Partial Mesh</br>
    -> Each device is connected to every other device by separate cabling</br>
    -> *Highly redundant and fault-tolerance*</br>
    -> Used in wide area networks (WANs)</br>
    -> Expensive to Install</br>

    * Point-to-Point Topology</br>
    -> The most basic type of network</br>
    -> One-to-One Connection</br>
    -> Seen in Connections between Buildings</br>
    -> Often used as 'Dedicated' secure *WAN* Link </br>
    -> Does not provide redundancy (if network cable fails between devices, they can't communicate)</br>

    * Hybrid Topology</br>
    -> A combination of multiple physical topologies</br>
    -> Almost all networks are hybrid network topologies</br>
    -> e.g. Star, Mesh and Point-to-Point Topologies Combined</br>


