* Physical Network Topology Selection Criteria
-> Cost</br>
-> Ease of installation</br>
-> Ease of maintenance</br>
-> Fault-tolerance requirements (e.g.if server goes down, how long we can be okay without having the server online?)</br>

* Constructing a Network Layout
  * The first step in any network design is to evaluate the underlying requirements. Here are some questions to guide your decision making:
    1) How many client computers will be attached?
    2) How many servers will be attached?
    3) What are the company's paln for expansion?
    4) What kind of applications will run?
    5) Will this be a P2P or server/client network?
    6) How much fault tolerance do the applications require?
    7) How much money is available for building this network?
    8) What are the security considerations for this network?


* OSI Model Overview
  * What is OSI Model? (The Open Systems Interconnection Reference Model)
  -> OSI Model is a conceptual framework showing us how data moves throughout a network.</br>
  * Why was it developed?
  -> Created to give us a guide to under how networks operate. </br> 
  * There are unique protocols at each layer.
  * It is only a *reference model*.
  * It is not implemented in the real world, TCP/IP is.
  * The OSI Model Stack
  -> The OSI Model breaks down the complex task of computer-to-computer communications into 7 layers.</br>
  * Upper Layers (Host Layers)
  -> Handled by the *host computer* and performs application-specific functions, such as data formatting, encrtytion and connection management.</br>
  * Lower Layers (Media Layers)
  -> Provide *network-specific* functions, such as routing, addressing and flow control. </br>




