* IP Address Components </br>
  * An IP address is broken down into two parts </br>
    -> Network Address : Uniquely identifies each network(ex. Your Street Name: 7682 *Wilshire Drive*)</br>
    -> Host Address : Uniquely identifies each machine on a network(ex. Your House Address: *7682* Wilshire Drive)</br>
  * *Network Address + Host Address = IP Address* </br>

* Identifying Classes</br>
First Octet         Address Class</br>
  0 - 127               Class A</br>
  128 - 191             Class B</br>
  192 - 223             Class C</br>

-> Type 'ping site-address' on cmd in order to check out IP address of the website you want to know </br>

* Private IP Addresses</br>
-> Non-routable IP Addresses : If a router receives a private IP address, it will drop it</br>
-> Uses Network Address Translation(NAT) to route traffic from network to network : Converts one address to another</br>
-> IPv4 is inefficient and we are running out of IP addresses therefore we sub-setup these IP addresses and list them as non-routable IP addresses</br>

* What is Subnetting?</br>
-> *Subnet = Network : Subnet and network are interchangeable*</br>
-> Subnetting is the process of breaking up Class A,B and C networks into smaller more manageable networks.</br>
-> We borrow host bits to create more sub-networks for a Class A,B and C network.</br>
-> When you borrow hosts bits, you increase the amount of sub-networks, aka Subnets available to you and decrease the amount of host IP addresses available to you.</br>
-> Allows you to create multiple logical networks that exist within a single Class A, B or C network.</br>
   (ex. break a major network down into multiple smaller sub-networks such as subnets)
-> If you don't subnet, you are only able to use one network from your Class A, B or C network, which is not realistic.</br>


